///Add translated words to the right side of each work, example(Italian) Hello - Ciao
///Copyright @iNuclearApp 2017
///Send translation to davidlisseen@gmail.com and I will credit you!

Youtube
Twitter
Follow me on Twitter @iNuclearApp
Jailbreak
32 & 64 Bit Jailbreaks IOS 9 - 10
Review Apps4iPhone
Your video will be placed here
Help
Help & Bugs
Install Web App
Free
iNuclearApp is an advanced store that allows you to have almost the same functionality as if you had a jailbreak. Every single app is available to every user free of any charge. It is one of the best projects we have ever made. It is compatible with all iOS versions from iOS 7 - iOS 11. Enjoy!
Paid Apps Free
Apps & Games Free without a computer
Unlimited InAppPurchases
Pre-Hacked games with infinite coins
App Stores
Alternative App Stores with games
Tweaked Apps
Cydia Tweaks No Jailbreak
Movies & TV Shows
Movie & TV Show Apps
Music apps
Include offline mode
Screen Recorders
IOS recorders that capture your screen
Emulators
GBA4IOS, NDS4IOS, Provenance & More
Jailbreak Apps
Apps from Cydia (No Jailbreak)
Duplicate Apps
Snapchat2, WhatsApp2 & more
++Apps & Jailbreak Apps (PC)
Install these using cydia impactor

Home Page
Apps
IOS Beta
Customization
More

IOS 11 Developer Beta Profile
Install the latest ios 11 version FREE
IOS 10 Developer Beta Profile
Install the latest ios 10 version FREE
IOS 9 Developer Beta Profile
Install the latest ios 9 version FREE
IOS 10 Public Beta Profile
Install the latest ios 10 version FREE
Watch OS 3 Beta Profile
Install the latest Watch OS 3 version FREE
Watch OS 4 Beta Profile
Install the latest Watch OS 4 version FREE
Remove Auto Update
Remove the badge in Setting for Update IOS

Brusher (IOS themes)
Brusher is an advanced theme store for IOS devices. It brings the most creative and packaged themes to your idevice with a few clicks.
IOS Themes Store 2
This Theme Store contains themes for IOS devices which do not need a jailbreak and customises your icons so you can make your IDevice personal.
IOS Themes Store 3
This Theme Store contains themes for IOS devices which do not need a jailbreak and customises your icons so you can make your IDevice personal.
Rounded Folders (IOS 9)
This tweak changes the shape of your folders,from rounded cube style to rounded
iDevice Respring (IOS 10)
You can respring your device using this tweak
Blank Spaces
This tweak gives you an ability to create blank spaces on your IDevice, position your icons on home screen where you want them to be
Folders in Folders
With this tweak you can put folder into folder, its very useful if you'd like to hide entire folder(with apps)in another one
IOS 10 Stock Wallpapers
Get Stock IOS 10 wallpapers in a very good quality for every device!
Bring Back Slide to Unlock
Bring back Slide to Unlock to IOS 10
AirLaunch CC toggles in NC
Put control center into notification center, and add useful toggles to it
Hide Stock Apps (IOS 9)
Hide icons from your home screen and don't worry, they will be right back once you restart your IDevice
iPhone 7 Live Wallpapers
That is a stock IPhone 7 Live Wallaper,can be set as live wallpaper on compatible device
iPhone 7 Stock Wallpapers
This will hide your dock and folders on your iPhone and add a personality to it
Black Dock & Folders
This will hide your dock and folders on your iPhone and add a personality to it.
Safarify
document.getElementById(s1).innerHTML = The Customised Safari Icon for IDevice
Moving Wallpapers
True Moving Wallpapers without any Jailbreak
Get Amazing Wallappers 1
Get Amazing Wallappers 2
Get Amazing Wallappers 3
IOS 11 Remove Dock
Blank folders, no Dock & more

Help & Bugs
Help
Help & Bugs
ChangeLog
History & Versions
Signing Services
Sign apps for a year (paid)
About Me
Youtube,Twitter,Instagram...
Sources
Dark Mode
Enabled from 20:00 to 5:00
Language
Set language for Apps4iPhone

Apps & Games
IOS Beta
Themes & Customization
